when you call an appliance repair
company do you know who is going to show
up at your door and if they're even
qualified we found one company which has
a 20 year proven track record of quality
and reliability basically a refrigerator
that you buy will have a one-year life
warranty from the manufacturer during
that time if there any problems we're
authorized about repair that at no cost
of the consumer that's called a factory
warranty but active appliances also
works with extended warranties and home
warranties they serve most of southern
california and make about 50,000 service
calls every year older Stein has used
active appliances a number of times all
my experiences have been very good
they're always on time the technicians
are very professional and they always
get my plans is fixed customers like
Olga have been spreading the word about
active appliances since Arthur Ashkenazi
and his father started the business
irrelevant to economy we've been going
for 20 years I feel that all that
referral business and our status with
all the companies speaks for itself
seventy percent of their competitors go
out of business within their first three
years but active appliances continues to
thrive active appliances works with
dozens of the major appliance companies
and has more than 30 skilled technicians
to serve you they're licensed bonded and
insured they also carry 99% of factory
parts in their trucks saving you
valuable repair time in addition they
have a 75 percent completion record on
first time calls this compares with
forty to fifty percent by their major
competitors this saves you the hassle of
waiting any longer and saving you more
time and money the prices are very
reasonable Google different companies
and I found that a service call can be
anywhere from sixty to eighty dollars
and active appliances is a lot cheaper
than that they care about their
customers and have an online survey to
help ensure customer satisfaction so
before you rush out to spend a fortune
on a new appliance consider keeping your
current one around a little longer in
today's economy the cost of the product
has gone up in the repairing of the
product it's just logical thing to do
due to the cost and savings you can have
active appliances is centrally located
near four major freeways for more
information on active appliances call
toll free one 88888 active dial
carefully that's one 88888 228 48